https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1591235

The first line of your document should be the URL to the bugzilla bug entry you are working (make it easy for the reader to read the bug)
Diagnosis of your bug. Describe in English what the issue is, and what the benefit of fixing will bring. What risks are there, if any?

Propose a  solution. Describe in English what you’d do, and the step by step process you’d follow. The goal is to present your reasoning to the person who would be evaluating your patch.

Testing document - A process (or description of a process) by which you’d evaluate the success of your work.  (See Note 1) How do you know your change addresses the bug?

#Diagnosis
From the mozilla website: https://blog.mozilla.org/firefox/how-to-block-fingerprinting-with-firefox/, fingerprinting is a feature from advertisers that will allow the advertiser to present targeted ads to the user.

The issue described in the bugzilla bug is several utility functions in the nsContentUtils.cpp will return false when a nullptr is passed into the function. This may allow some websites to bypass fingerprinting if they determine how to pass a nullptr into these functions, regardless of the settings that the user chose. 

There is very little risk to this change since it is unlikely that a nullptr will be passed into these functions in the first place. Additionally the fix will default to another function's expected behavior with no new logic implemented.

#Solution
The solution, as outlined in the bugzilla bug, is to have all sections instead return ```StaticPrefs::privacy_resistFingerprinting()``` rather than ```false```.

#Testing Document
Testing is done by making sure .```/mach build``` builds successfully locally and ```./mach test all``` executes with no errors.